[Kommander] MinIO attributions in download locations (#4483)
mesosphere/dcos-docs-site: pages/dkp/kommander/2.1/download/index.md

```

You will now see two binaries: `dkp` and `kommander` in your working directory. Follow the [Kommander installation instructions](../install/networked) using these binaries, and then [add your license](../licensing/add/) to Kommander. If you have problems downloading or installing Kommander, contact your sales representative or <a href="mailto:sales@d2iq.com">sales@d2iq.com</a>.

> This Docker image includes code from the MinIO Project (“MinIO”), which is © 2015-2021 MinIO, Inc. MinIO is made available subject to the terms and conditions of the [GNU Affero General Public License 3.0][https://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl-3.0.en.html]. The complete source code for MinIO is available for the [2021 release][[https://github.com/minio/minio/tree/RELEASE.2020-12-03T05-49-24Z] of DKP/Kommander and the [2022 release][https://github.com/minio/minio/tree/RELEASE.2021-07-30T00-02-00Z] of DKP/Kommander.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This Docker image includes code from the MinIO Project (“MinIO”), which is © 2015-2021 MinIO, Inc. MinIO is made available subject to the terms and conditions of the GNU Affero General Public License 3.0. The complete source code for the versions of MinIO packaged with DKP/Kommander/Konvoy 2.1.1 are available at these URLs: 
https://github.com/minio/minio/tree/RELEASE.2021-07-30T00-02-00Z
https://github.com/minio/minio/tree/RELEASE.2021-02-14T04-01-33Z
```

Reviewer: and so forth for 2.1 then switch to the 2.2 for all 2.2 sections
